rdtsc Repeats: 1, Average cycles: 0xa4, Averge min: 0xa3
rdtsc Repeats: 2, Average cycles: 0x57, Averge min: 0x57
rdtsc Repeats: 3, Average cycles: 0x3d, Averge min: 0x3d
rdtsc Repeats: 4, Average cycles: 0x31, Averge min: 0x31
rdtsc Repeats: 5, Average cycles: 0x29, Averge min: 0x29
rdtsc Repeats: 6, Average cycles: 0x25, Averge min: 0x24
rdtsc Repeats: 7, Average cycles: 0x22, Averge min: 0x20
rdtsc Repeats: 8, Average cycles: 0x1e, Averge min: 0x1e
rdtsc Repeats: 9, Average cycles: 0x1b, Averge min: 0x1b
rdtsc Repeats: 10, Average cycles: 0x1a, Averge min: 0x1a
rdtsc Repeats: 20, Average cycles: 0x11, Averge min: 0x11
rdtsc Repeats: 30, Average cycles: 0x10, Averge min: 0x10
rdtsc Repeats: 40, Average cycles: 0xe, Averge min: 0xe
rdtsc Repeats: 50, Average cycles: 0xe, Averge min: 0xe
rdtsc Repeats: 60, Average cycles: 0xd, Averge min: 0xd
rdtsc Repeats: 70, Average cycles: 0xd, Averge min: 0xd
rdtsc Repeats: 80, Average cycles: 0xc, Averge min: 0xc
rdtsc Repeats: 90, Average cycles: 0xc, Averge min: 0xc
rdtsc Repeats: 100, Average cycles: 0xc, Averge min: 0xc
rdtsc Repeats: 200, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 300, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 400, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 500, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 600, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 700, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 800, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 900, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 1000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 2000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 3000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 4000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 5000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 6000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 7000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 8000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 9000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
rdtsc Repeats: 10000, Average cycles: 0xb, Averge min: 0xb
